you
hello harmony central this is tim from
type d america and we're here at namm
2014 and we've got a bunch of new
insurance i love to show you we'll start
here with our brand new rebranded 20
masters that line has now been turned
into just the Masters line we've had 12
amazing rides in that line we're now
adding crashes and we're adding hi hat
so the hi hats are dark hi hats in 14
and 15 the crashes are dark crash in 16
18 and 20 they bring the dark smoky
trashy world of heavily hammered 20
bronze cymbals to the consistent world
the consistently musical world of high C
so here let's hear a couple of these
symbols so we've got those and they have
a wonderful expansion to the Masters
line in addition we've gone with some
louder things let's go over to see the
signature precision
signature precision you've seen the
review on harmony central we've expanded
that line in addition to the thin
crashes and crashes we now have heavy
crashes in 16 18 and 20 heavy hats and
14 and we've added a 20 inch heavy ride
the line is expanding to fit the needs
of all of the drummer's that enjoy the
signature style symbol at a much much
lower price so let's hear what the heavy
sound like so we get louder still we've
worked with legendary Mexican hot band
drummer Alex Gonzalez's in a band called
my god that is worldwide has worldwide
acclaim and he's starting a new group
that's a little bit louder so we worked
with Alex to design some new additions
to the rude line 18 to 20 bashers 14
inch blast china and a 12 and 14 shred
valve these are symbols that are going
to cut through guitar ants they're going
to blast any of the noise that anybody
needs to get through so here's the 18 to
20 bashers
the 12 and 14 shred bells and the 14
glass china so it's a pretty aggressive
stuff and we have a everything that
gives us a really nice rounded bunch of
additions to the pie seed catalog we
hope you enjoyed checking them out here
at harmony central and come and check
them out at fight time at some point too
thanks very much see you soon
you